# {{Arc 1 - }} 
## Basic Idea 
[Vishara](obsidian://open?vault=Erosian%20Explorers&file=Continents%2FSasia%2FFactions%2FThe%20Velvet%20Veil%2FPeople%2FVishara) of the [Velvet Veil](obsidian://open?vault=Erosian%20Explorers&file=Continents%2FSasia%2FFactions%2FLamonian%20Empire%2FSteelshroud%20Legionnaires%2FSteelshroud%20Legionnaires) requests the party's help, disguised as the towns starry eyed harlot, swooning for adventurers to hire. She wants the party's help figuring out why some monsters are in the town, even though the town is known for it's strange animal meat, these are unneccessarily weird. They had heard rumours of a family obtaining a rival family's magical heirloom, and seem to think it's linked. Upon further inspection, it appears there is a kruthik hive queen nested in a cave in the Talgol forest. Killing the hive queen and inspecting the carcass reveals a small device consisting of a gem seated in a ring of basic Arcanics with a simple symbol etched into it. Bringing it back to Vishara, the party are told to scout out the town. Spending a day there hunting around, they notice in a back alley a small hatch with the same simple very faintly scraped into the metal, just under the back of a small shady potion store. Doing some spying, they find that people are being abducted from family b to summon kruthik hive queens, by the leader of family A. Investigating further, they spot the leader of family A wearing a strange crown, albeit subtle. Being caught, they discover he has in fact taken a pact with Asmodeus. Boss fight, get crown but it doesn't work. Party gives it to [Vishara](obsidian://open?vault=Erosian%20Explorers&file=Continents%2FSasia%2FFactions%2FThe%20Velvet%20Veil%2FPeople%2FVishara), she says "leave it with me, i'll be in the city". Setup for arc 2, party goes to [Port Amarilis](obsidian://open?vault=Erosian%20Explorers&file=Continents%2FSasia%2FCities%2FPort%20Amarilis%2FPort%20Amarilis)
## Start
The party, while in [The Obnoxious Rat](obsidian://open?vault=Erosian%20Explorers&file=Continents%2FSasia%2FTowns%2FCalderwood%2FThe%20Obnoxious%20Rat%2FThe%20Obnoxious%20Rat), is approached by a figure, mistaking them for a different party, asking if they have located the stone spiders yet. The party, obviously confused, will correct the figure, who then says they are mistaken, and if not stopped by the party, continues to say;
"Well, since i've already told you, there's been reports of strange creatures attacking townsfolk on the outskirts, near the south-west exit of the town. I had hired a party of adventurers, who didn't look too dissimilar to you, to investigate, but I haven't heard from them in days. Would you be lovely and check up on them for me?" 
Party bargains for coin, maybe information also. 
After some chatting, party goes to the south-western outskirts of the town. 
Walking around, the district seems totally deserted, which is strange for such a busy town, and anyone with a passive perception 13 or higher hears a strange clicking sound.
## Middle 
## Closure
## Notes